{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I learned that often times, the hardest thing about a project is getting started.\
\
I also learned that if I do not prepare and pseudocode, then the work will either take much longer to complete because it gets so tangled, or I will have no idea where to start\
\
Another thing that I discovered is that it is sometimes intimidating to ask people what they are doing or share what you are doing yourself, but when you do, it gives me additional ideas, and through explaining my own work, makes me think more critically about what I am planning to do.  I talked to mark, and he suggested that I use a hash-table.  But I ended up not using that because I did not know how to do that in Java.\
\
I was stuck for a long time with actually getting started on what I want to do.  I had my question, and sort of knew what I wanted to do, but I did not make an outline of the methods that I wanted to use, and exactly what I wanted them to do.  So this made me apprehensive about starting to code because I didn't know where to start.  \
\
Today I finished up my pseudo code for the most part and began to set up the framework.  I was kind of distracted in class talking with the people sitting next to me, so I will try to control that next time.  It was surprising to realize that anyone in computer science could help me with my project, and in actuality, the people doing projects I thought were similar to mine did not give the most helpful advice.  It was probably Ms. Nagoshi who helped the most by suggesting that I use the Scanner.next to get each consequent word.  I am still struggling with the idea of how to process the array list of words, but I through research, I found out that Scanner should be able to help me with that.  Over all, I learned that I have to take programming one step at a time, and tackle it in a logical manner.}