{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I talked to Mr. Kiang to plan out a little bit of my project.   I talked with Amanda, Aliya, and other people in class to try work out some problems.  I learned how to look online to find the syntax for certain things.  I also went to malcom, and he tried to help me figure out one of my problems with an out of bounds error by drawing a picture and thinking it out logically, which is a good idea.\
\
this week, I tried not to use google to find answers for coding.  I looked on the online textbook to read about how to read things from a text tile, and about sorting array lists.  I worked with brianna and amanda in class to get text read in from a document.  A lot of the time it is scary to ask your peers for help, but once I did, they helped me a lot. \
\
When I began to increase the amount of time that I spent working on the project, I was able to set up the framework for most of the methods that I need.  I slowly began to fill them in, but there were a lot of problems.  In hindsight I learned that it is best to get as much work, and set up as much of the program as I can early, so that I can better problem solve.  I learned that we are given enough time in class to finish the project.\
\
I learned that a project like this takes a lot of independence, and how it is necessary to give yourself deadlines to make sure that you stay on track.  I also learned that meeting the deadlines serves as additional motivation, which is probably why it is easier to continue working on a project once you've started.\
\
}