{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I've been trying to go through my code and think out what is happening logically, and trying to organize things to be as efficient as possible.  I've realized that one of my biggest difficulties is syntax, and it is still difficult to find the answers quickly, but i have been using stack overflow and asking other comp sci students.\
\
I brainstormed with Ms. Nagoshi, because I see her after math class sometimes.  And I guess through this process, I learned that there are a lot of resources out there-- people, textbooks, online websites-- that can help me, but they won't do it on their own.  I learned that I have to go out and get the help myself, show interest, and be persistent.  When I do this, I have found out that, that is when my work goes the smoothest.\
\
One way to reach out for help is to look out for people in person, and another is to use email or other ways of communication to look for information.  But I have found out that probably the most important part of this process, is to do independent research-- like when Mr. Kiang gave me a whole bunch of stuff to read from the java textbook-- and have independent work time--filling out my methods to the best of my ability-- so that you have something substantial to collaborate on with others.  \
\
I also learned that it is important to document not only what I do, but also my thought process.  This is important because my thoughts influence my actions, and my future actions.  I look at some of my records of thinking, and think about how silly some of my mistakes seem.  But as look back at this in retrospect, I can make sense of my weaknesses and strengths, so that I will be able to cope better when I have a long term project such as this.  \
\
I also learned that I have to be prompt when I schedule a meeting time with someone.  This is something that my mom has been trying to tell me for a long time, and I have been slowly been starting to think about it.  It has always been something that I have been kind of ashamed of, yet in the }